Update the README.md file (#127)
tinkerbell/tink: README.md

[![Build Status](https://cloud.drone.io/api/badges/tinkerbell/tink/status.svg)](https://cloud.drone.io/tinkerbell/tink)

Tinkerbell is a bare metal provisioning and workflow engine,
open-sourced by Packet, an Equinix company.

It is comprised of following five major components:

 1. A DHCP server ([boots](https://github.com/tinkerbell/boots))
 2. A workflow engine (tink, this repository)
 3. A metadata service ([hegel](https://github.com/tinkerbell/hegel))
 4. An in-memory installation environment([osie](https://github.com/tinkerbell/osie))
 5. A controller/handler of BMC interactions([pbnj](https://github.com/tinkerbell/pbnj))

 The workflow engine is comprised of a server and a CLI, which communicates over gRPC.  
 The CLI is used to create a workflow and its building blocks: templates and targeted hardware.

# Packet Workflow 

A Packet Workflow is an open-source microservice that’s responsible for handling flexible, bare metal
provisioning workflows, that is...
 - standalone and does not need the Packet API to function

>  - contains `Boots`, `Tink`, `Osie`, `PBnJ` and workers

Reviewer: Osie -> OSIE, missing Hegel.

Author: Done

>  - can bootstrap any remote worker using `Boots + Osie + PBnJ`

Reviewer: Osie -> OSIE

>  - can bootstrap any remote worker using `Boots + Osie + PBnJ`

Reviewer: Hegel too.

[![Build Status](https://cloud.drone.io/api/badges/tinkerbell/tink/status.svg)](https://cloud.drone.io/tinkerbell/tink)

It is comprised of following five major components:

 1. A DHCP server ([boots](https://github.com/tinkerbell/boots))
 2. A workflow engine (tink, this repository)
 3. A metadata service ([hegel](https://github.com/tinkerbell/hegel))
 4. An in-memory installation environment([osie](https://github.com/tinkerbell/osie))
 5. A controller/handler of BMC interactions([pbnj](https://github.com/tinkerbell/pbnj))

 The workflow engine is comprised of a server and a CLI, which communicates over gRPC.  
 The CLI is used to create a workflow and its building blocks: templates and targeted hardware.

# Packet Workflow

A Packet Workflow is an open-source microservice that’s responsible for handling flexible, bare metal provisioning workflows, that is...

-   standalone and does not need the Packet API to function

> -   contains contains `Boots`, `Tink`, `Hegel`, `OSIE`, `PBnJ` and workers

Reviewer: `contains contains` dupe I assume?

[![Build Status](https://cloud.drone.io/api/badges/tinkerbell/tink/status.svg)](https://cloud.drone.io/tinkerbell/tink)

Tinkerbell is a bare metal provisioning and workflow engine.   

> It was open-sourced by Packet, an Equinix company.

Author: seems good to change.

It is comprised of following four major components:

 1. A DHCP server ([boots](https://github.com/tinkerbell/boots))
 2. A workflow engine (tink, this repository)
 3. A metadata service ([hegel](https://github.com/tinkerbell/hegel))
 4. An in-memory installation environment([osie](https://github.com/tinkerbell/osie))

>  The workflow engine is comprised of a server and a CLI, which communicate over gRPC. The CLI is used to create a workflow along with its building blocks, templates and targeted hardware.

Reviewer: can you split this on `.` to be 2 lines.

Author: Done

>  The workflow engine is comprised of a server and a CLI, which communicate over gRPC. The CLI is used to create a workflow along with its building blocks, templates and targeted hardware.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 The workflow engine is comprised of a server and a CLI, which communicates over gRPC. The CLI is used to create a workflow and its building blocks: templates and targeted hardware.
```

Author: This one is also seems good to change.

[![Build Status](https://cloud.drone.io/api/badges/tinkerbell/tink/status.svg)](https://cloud.drone.io/tinkerbell/tink)

> Tinkerbell is a bare metal provisioning and workflow engine. It was open-sourced by Packet, an Equinix company, and is comprised of four major components: a DHCP server ([boots](https://github.com/tinkerbell/boots)), a workflow engine (tink, this repository), a metadata service ([hegel](https://github.com/tinkerbell/hegel)) and an in-memory installation environment([osie](https://github.com/tinkerbell/osie)). The workflow engine is comprised of a server and a CLI, which communicate over gRPC. The CLI is used to create a workflow along with its building blocks, templates and targeted hardware.

Reviewer: can you split this to 2 commits please? One to split each sentence onto its own line and the second with your Equinix and other changes?

Author: sure

 - [Components](docs/components.md)
   - [Boots](docs/components.md#boots)

>    - [Osie](docs/components.md#osie)

Reviewer: Osie -> OSIE
